Add documentation explaining some architectural concepts (#7033)
microsoft/fast: packages/web-components/fast-element/ARCHITECTURE.md

`FASTElement` is an extension of `HTMLElement` which makes use of Custom Element APIs native to the browser. It also supplies the following methods `compose`, `define`, and `from`.

- The `compose` method combines the Custom Element name, template, style, and other options to create the definition for the Custom Element.
- The `define` method makes use of the native Custom Element `define` to register the Custom Element with a Custom Element Registry.
- The `from` method allows the use of Custom Built-Ins so that a user does not need to define a template but can specify a native `HTMLElement` such as `HTMLButtonElement`.

## Creating a Custom Element from FASTElement

A basic developer flow for defining a custom element looks like this:

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Create a <code>FASTElement</code> web component by extending the <code>FASTElement</code> class] --> F
    F[Compose with <code>FASTElement.compose</code> to include template and styles] --> G[Define the component in the browser with <code>FASTElement.define</code>]
```

Let's take a close look at the compose and define steps to see what the FAST architecture is doing.

## Composing a Custom Element

> Using `FASTElement.compose` this creates a new `FASTElementDefinition` which includes all metadata needed for the element such as templates, attributes, styles, etc. this then registers the element with the global FAST for re-use and returns the `FASTElementDefinition` which can be referenced by `ElementController.definition`.

Author: The `ElementController.definition` is defined here as a `FASTElementDefinition`, which is defined as a container for all metadata needed for the element to render.

Additionally, when Custom Elements are included in a script a few things might happen even before a Custom Element gets detected by the browser. First, there are initial side effects caused by the use of decorators. These include the `attr` and `observable` decorators made available by the `@microsoft/fast-element` package.

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[The browser loads the JavaScript file containing FAST]
    A --> B[The FAST global is added]
    B --> C[Any defined observable decorators are added to the FAST global]
    A --> D[Any defined attribute decorators are attached to the constructor of the FAST Custom Element]
```

### Pre-render Template

The `html` tag template is typically used to create a `ViewTemplate` using the `ViewTemplate.create` method. This is executed and passed during the `compose` step and before `FASTElement` is instantiated.

During the `ViewTemplate.create` step, the following happens for each string:
- Factories with unique IDs are created for each tag template literal argument (or `TemplateValue`) which matches with the corresponding string
- A binding is created from the `TemplateValue`

> A resulting string using `createHTML` function is created using the `HTMLDirective`, the previous string from the `html` tag template which determines the aspect if one exists, these aspects are the `@`, `:`, or other binding aspect attached to attributes. The `createHTML` returns a `Markup` attribute using the factory that has a unique ID. This is all concatenated as a string and passed to a new `ViewTemplate` with all the factories (empty until one is assigned) that act as a dictionary with the unique IDs as the key to look up each factory once it has been created.

Reviewer: This section could use some rework.

Author: Rewrote this for hopefully more clarity, let me know if that makes sense!

#### HTML Binding Directives

> The `HTMLBindingDirective` applies bindings to items identified as various `TemplateValue` within the `html` tag template. The `createHTML` step uses the factory associated with the binding to create strings in the markup using the factory's ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `HTMLBindingDirective` applies bindings to items identified as various `TemplateValue`s within the `html` tagged template. The `createHTML` step uses the factory associated with the binding to create strings in the markup using the factory's ID.
```
